A pan filled with veggies and a block of butter.
A little girl holding a red frisbee standing on a lush green field.
a person holding a clear piece of glass or plastic
A man rides a large motorcycle on a freeway.
A picture of a cluttered home office desk.
a giraffe is standing by a tree line
Three pots of bright colorful food cooking on a black stove top.
An airplane can be seen traveling through the clouds.
A piece of partially-eaten cake sits on a paper plate.
A group of giraffe standing next to each other on a dirt field.
A yellow fire hydrant with a wet paint sign.
A lovely dinner and a bottle of wine
A shirtless man playing tennis on a blue court.
A person in a wheelchair plays music on a CD player while talking on a wireless telephone.
A pitcher getting ready to throw pitch at a game.
A double decker bus parked in a bus station next to a baby stroller.
A few rows of tables with umbrellas on top of them.
A basket with a stuffed teddy bear hangs outside.
Two cross country skiers heading onto the trail
a brown dog with a collar sniffing a red fire hydrant
Two train cars sitting on the tracks with power lines in the backround.
A red motorcycle with a back seat parked on the side of a road.
A man walking behind a row of parked cars holding an umbrella.
A person on skis is in the air.
A clock tower with a statue on top of it
The striped cat is sitting on top of the car.
A woman with a umbrella on a city street.
Young boy sitting on top of a briefcase
Woman holding up a small boy on a snow trail. 
A group of people walking across a busy city street.
An empty intersection of a colorful urban area.
A herd of black cattle standing next to each other.
A couple of large long trains on a track.
A cat wearing a neck tie laying on top of a pillow.
A motor cycle procession down a wet street.
a couple of horses grazing on some green grass
The man is playing tennis on the court. 
a couple of people that are surfing in some water
A man driving a car across an airport runway.
A small brown dog wearing a leash next to a bike.
Baby bear climbing large rock near pine tree.
A wooden park bench with a remote control on top of it.
A cake topped with M&Ms sitting on a tray.
a brown cake with white icing and some walnut toppings
Colorful slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate. 
A pizza covered in cheese dripping down onto the bottom of an oven burning.
A cat that is sitting down on a wooden seat.
A group of people with surfboards walk on the beach.
Inside of a kitchen with a refrigerator and counter top.
a spooky looking hotel resort in the hills
A bird standing in the wooded area with leaves all around. 
Pastry and bottle of liquid on table with various bottles 
A person giving a giraffe some food with his hand.
A cooked and sliced pizza with a variety of toppings in a pizza box.
Several cows stick their heads out of a pen to feed. 
A group of guys standing behind several covered tables.
A bathroom with a tub, sinks, lights and a television.
A man sits at a desk and uses a laptop on it
A man in a kitchen instructing a woman on what to do 
A fire hydrant on the side of a road.
Is this picture of a girl and her suitcase hand tinted?
A den with a television, compact discs, dvds and a couch.
A small gray elephant standing on a grass covered field.
A bunch of animals in a grassy area.
A young guy using his computer and talking on his phone.
Tennis player and white outfit holding up a racket and a ball. 
Two little girls sitting on the side of a white boat.
some road signs besides a road in the street
BABY IN BLUE JEAN OVERALLS HOLDING A CELL PHONE
A photographer setting up his equipment for a photo shoot.
A woman bathing her dog in the sink
A boy in a green and yellow jersey holding a baseball bat.
Sail boats sail over a body of water while people stand near the shoreline. 
Elephants are in a ring with a person near bleachers.
A couple of cats taking a nap on top of a bed.
A woman swinging a tennis racket during a match.
a young male riding an ocean wave on a surfboard
A group of people posing with half a dozen large cupcakes
A group of five people holding tennis rackets with a tennis ball.
A baseball player swinging a bat on a baseball field.
Cute girl sitting on a skateboard in the driveway 
A white and black bird perched on a wooden fence rail.
Two large horses grazing in a large field.
A young child plunging a toilet with a plunger.
A woman with beautiful breast sitting at a table.
A tomato, onion and basil pizza in it's raw state.
An elderly woman fanning herself while sitting outside.
An ostrich and zebra fenced in with each other. 
a young boy is feeding a large giraffe
A white clock tower with palm trees in the foreground.
A plate full of meat, vegetables and rice.
A couple of people on kayak boats in the middle of the ocean.
A cat sitting on top of a pile of white towels.
a room showing a toilet and a sink
A plate of food on a table with a person eating nearby.
A woman and a dog stand on the ocean shore near some boats.
A cat and dog are close together on a bed.
A sign for a state fair is under a street sign.
A 25 mph turn sign on the side of a highway. 
A yellow fire  hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A birthday cake with English and Chinese characters.
A clock hanging off the side of a  all building.
People on a motorcycle holding a wrapped surfboard.
Two people eating powdered and chocolate doughnuts and coffee.
A man riding on top of a snowboard in the snow.
A young boy holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
THERE IS A MAN THAT IS STANDING ON THE BEACH 
A person on a surfboard in the water.
A person near a bike and a car on a street.
A man laying on top of a sandy beach laying next to a surfboard.
A man on a surfboard riding a wave.
Two boys in beds with a bookcase in between them.
A train station with a large clock on the front of the building.
a table top with some plates of food on it 
Two people standing in the grass flying a kite.
a skateboarder in a black shirt  is doing a trick
Man posing in front of a pair of giraffes in background.
A batter that is watching the ball go past them to the catcher. 
A vase filled with flowers next to a smaller vase filled with even more flowers.
A young man bending next to a toilet.
A man swings a baseball bat while another man watches.
A baseball player hugging another player as lovers do.
A view from an airplane flying over a mountainous region.
a living room with a tv on top of a stand with a guitars sitting next to 
A bunch of bananas on a plate on a counter.
a few deer and a zebra on a grass field
A man instructing a group of kids on a soccer field.
a yellow and black train is coming down the tracks
Two people standing next to each other wearing skis.
A boat that is sitting in the water.
A bus stop sign on a city street.
Ten porcelain pieces with floral patterns painted on them.
A train pulling passenger cars on a train track.
A yellow and green bus passing in front of a building.
a number of baseball players on a field
A group of three giraffe standing inside of a cage.
A herd of sheep standing on top of snow covered field.
A couple of giraffe standing next to a doorway.
A man is riding a motorcycle in a race.
A  brown vase filled with two purple flowers.
A couple of baseball players in uniform standing in a field.
An upstairs living room is decorated nicely and holds a sewing machine.
A woman standing while holding a pole on snow
a table covered wtih two taptops and a phone and assorted accessories
a train on a train track at a station 
Three men celebrating some kind of personal victory.
A living room filled with furniture and a window.
A made up dinner table with a flower vase on the table. 
The young girl is standing by the fire hydrant in curlers.
A wooden ball on top of a wooden stick.
Two people surfing a beautiful sky blue wave.
The man is holding a large bird outside. 
A open box with pizza on the ground.
A giraffe in a dry savannah with dry shrubs
A man standing next to a parked motorcycle.
Mother and son on the beach with surf board in the foreground.
A train on a track traveling through a countryside. 
A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
A man holding a half eaten chocolate donut
A red brick building sits on a corner and has a tower and a clock.
Various exotic fruits adorn a wooden surface. 
An old creased photo of a group of boys and men
a group of sheep are all outside in the soil together
A person and a black cat are on a brown couch with a colorful blanket.
A white boat floating on a lake under mountains.
A white bus driving past a tall building.
A person looking at a train going by.
The man is getting ready to eat the thing he is holding.
A cat lays asleep on a blue thing.
A pile of scissors of many colors and a ruler.
A parking meter with two heads stands on the street.
A street with people and cows walking down it.
There is a dog sleeping on a futon.
A large blue passenger train pulling into a train station.
A young man riding a skateboard down a ramp.
Two women shake hands during the tennis match. 
a suitcase has a bunch of stickers all over it
Two dogs laying on a bed with a red comforter.
A very neatly kept retro 1969s looking living room set.
Two dogs are sitting a neatly made colorful bed. 
A street sign on the side of of a wooded area.
A white and red bus driving down a street.
A broken bathroom with a white sink and toilet.
A vase of flowers is sitting by a window.
The water the boat is in is reflecting the sun.
Children sitting on the floor decorating and putting together kites.
There is a table with chairs and a stove in the room. 
Wild animals grazing near a lagoon surrounded by trees.
a giraffe checking out the bark on a tree
Many different dishes of food on a table.
a woman is standing in the snow on skies
a motorcycle is hanging in the air with plants on it
An airplane parked in front of a small airport.
A young man riding a skateboard up a black ramp.
a person and a dog are standing near some cliffs
two dogs laying down on a brown couch
A bed in a ten with a colorful ceiling.
A car covered in various empty toothpaste tubes.
a pink hat and a cellphone on some weaved basket
a woman in a blue top with headphones and two cellphones
A man standing next to another man while kicking a soccer ball.
A polar bear stands over an orange disc in his enclosure. 
A toilet that is very clean in a bathroom.
a jar of sauce sits next to some carrots 
A woman holding a black umbrella as she stands behind a car.
a tree surrounded by a little bench with someone sitting on it
Someone walking down the street and street lights and a one way street sign
a person standing next to a person getting ready to catch a ball
A group of people flying kites on top of a sandy beach.
A giraffe grazing in pen next to a tree trunk.
a woman is laying down with several puppies
A bowl of food sitting on top of a white kitchen counter.
A man throws a Frisbee on a green lawn at dusk.
Some people who are walking on the beach.
two boys standing by a fence getting ready to ride their skateboards 
a couple of plates that have some food on them
a man using a cross walk to cross a street
A colorful pizza sits on a wooden cutting board
A baby girl standing in a shopping cart holding an umbrella.
Two black and white cows resting in a field next to body of water.
People are skiing and snowboarding on a high mountain. 
A man riding a motorcycle on a race track.
A cat sleeping next to a large white teddy bear wearing birthday hat.
A very big city bus on a big street.
A room with some chairs and a bookshelf.
A man is smiling genuinely and brightly at the people at his table.  
A white bus is driving down the street
The thin vase on a table has flowers in it. 
a man with a drink wearing  a suit and green tie
two men one is surfing and the other is giving him a signal to go right
A group of young people riding on top of a snow covered slope.
Some asian cuisine is shown with vegetables and noodles.
a glass vase with some flowers coming out of it 
Sheared sheep on roadway taken from vehicle, with green hillside in background.
A street sign that has been altered with graffiti.
Two young women sitting on a couch one of them using a laptop.
A sandy beach filled with lots of people standing on top of it.
Two young boys sitting on a park with a plate of food.
A woman is looking at fruit for sale at a farmer's market.
A cow in front of another cow standing in a grassy field.
Looking out of a commuter bus at a small town grocery
A filthy sink and toilet are seen from above.
A baseball field, in the dugout area with a young boy holding a bat with both hands and going toward the dugout.
A guy in a maroon shirt is holding a tennis racket out to hit a tennis ball.
A purse sitting next to its contents and a laptop
The lady is looking through the bars at a horse.
A group of motorcyclers riding down a street with traffic
there are many rocks on the side of this road
A view of a bunch of sheep lined up with a man behind them.
A new android phone is next to another android phone.
A fire burns while a person rides a green motorcycle and several motorcycles are flipping in the air.
An adorable baby laying in bed with a stuffed brown teddy bear.
Man laying on bed with shirt open looking into device for picture.
A woman in an office reaching up for a clock on the wall.
A man floating on top of waves in the ocean holding a surfboard.
A motorbike sitting in front of a wine display case
A man riding on the back of an orange fork lift.
A truck that has boxes in the bed.
A green sign says Thruway one fourth mile.
Two guys standing and leaning playing a video game.
The sky is cloudy over a stop sign.
a bed room with two bends and two lamps
A fire hydrant is on the corner of the street.
An orange road sign sitting next to a black truck.
a small mug of coffee and a pair of glasses
A girl standing on the sidewalk holding a blue umbrella.
A woman rolling down a sand dune with a red frisbee.
A plate topped with two grilled sandwiches and a knife.
A train traveling down tracks near a small town.
A large church tower with a clock mounted on it's face.
three boys are enjoying a video game at home
A man sitting at a table, holding a foot long hotdog topped with chilli
A man is trying to pull off a skateboarding trick on his ramp. 
a close up of a toilet in a bath room
Person on snowboard jumping in air with mountains in the background.
Mattress with covers sitting on rocking frame in empty room. 
A train traveling down train tracks near a train station.
a brown and white dog is sitting in some grass and a red and white fire hydrant
A couple of bags of someone's belongings that were left unattended. 
little dude shredding the gnar on flat ground
A bagel sandwich with scrambled egg and bacon.
A picture of a modern bathroom with a glass door to the toilet and large glass mirror.
a head shot of an elephant with a man sitting in the back ground
A hairy brown cow laying on top of a field.
A herd of zebra standing next to each other.
A red stop sign sitting above a four way sign.
A zombee walking down a street covered in blood.
A group of horse mounted police standing in front of a crowd.
A computer desk topped with a large monitor.
A tennis player throws the ball up to serve it.  
A bird perched on top of a tree branch.
A train is going down the track under a bridge.
a close up of a polar bear on a rock formation
A group of zebra standing next to each other on a dirt field.
A giraffe walking through a tree filled forest.
A dirty bathroom with paper and dirt covering the floor.
an arrangement of different types of bread at the table.
Two men are riding horses around an arena.
There are women wearing glove handling different breads.
A person is sitting at a computer desk with a cell phone.
A small bathroom with a shower curtain and toilet
A young man riding a skateboard with an older man.
A man surfs outside in the rushing rapids.
a man in yellow is doing a trick on a skateboard
The pickup truck has a storage compartment on the bed.
A young kid with skiing gear on the snow
People ride an elephant through a path in the forest.
Two men are cutting a cake at a function.
A group of small colorful boats sitting on a beach next to the ocean.
A laptop computer on a desk with a wireless keyboard and mouse.
Fans observing a baseball game in process. 
Youngster on a skateboard, trying simple tip up stunt.
Two girls are posing outdoors under an umbrella for a photo. 
A silver train passing under high beams and trees.
A stop sign and a no access sign in the grass.
A pot full of beef and broccoli stew. 
A man riding a snow board on top of a snow covered slope.
A display in a doughnut shop filled with doughnuts.
Two people that are posing for a picture.
Woman with a backpack on sits on the curb moving her skateboard
A teddy bear standing next to two toys.
A construction truck parked near a storage shed.
The apples on the table are being peeled.
Eashitte and little lamb and a large open field
A woman playing game with Nintendo Wii controller and Wii Fit board.
a small dog is standing in a sink
A street sign sitting above a speed limit sign.
several people are purchasing tickets at a bus station
This baseball player is swinging his bat at the ball
A woman holding three bags stands by the open doors of a subway car, through which other people can be seen.
A woman standing in front of a brown horse.
Adult holding food items in to go tray at outdoor event.
A man that is holding a surfboard in the snow.
3 dogs sitting in front of a fruit and veggie stand.
There is a freshly made pizza out of the oven
Three cows standing on a lush green field.
a person that is flying a kite that is sitting on the ground
A man that is standing up holding a cellphone.
A man smiling on skis in the snow.
A couple of black birds are standing on a tree branch.
A woman blow drying her hair, in he mirror.
A cow is standing still with a plastic apparatus on his hip end.
a man that is jumping his skateboard on some concrete
There is no pattern to these four photos.
A brown dog on a leash laying on a floor.
looking out a window from inside the ski lodge
This is a public bathroom with  soap dispensers installed on the wall.
A man is holding a cell phone in front of a mountain.
train pulling up on the tracks next to a stationary double decker train
A pretty young lady walking across a tennis court.
A giraffe grazing on a tree in the wilderness with other wildlife
A baseball field with players playing a game
A small white rusted boat floating across a body of water.
A skateboard resting against a wall with a photo sitting next to it. 
A group of young women holding umbrellas while walking down a street.
A small group of people stand at the side of the sidewalk by a metal statue
A couple of people riding skis on top of snow covered ground.
An empty intersection with two red lights glowing
A little girl posing for a picture while eating food.
A man and woman standing in front of a cake.
Sloppy Joe mix on a toasted bun on a plate
A combination of black and white sheep grazing in a meadow
The large blue train is covered with rust.
A herd of sheep standing on top of a grass covered field.
An adorable little girl riding skis on the snow.
A woman in a bright yellow rain slicker stands with a red umbrella next to an old brick structure.
A young boy tries out skateboarding tricks on a road
Someone prepares salads as part of a healthy meal.
a train moving along the track on a hillside near a mountain
a square plate with all kinds of vegetables on the plate
A long yellow and red train traveling down tracks.
A young man sitting at a table with a pizza.
The zebras are eating grass in the fence.
A large elephant standing next to a stone wall.
A man wearing a hat standing outside taking a picture. 
A zookeeper brushes an elephant within its enclosure. 
A pile of un ripe bananas sitting on a table on newspaper.
Giraffes are walking together on a very dry terrain.
A motorcycle is parked amongst the cars at a store.
two little sparrows standing on a table by a knife
A baseball player is squatting down with his mitt raised.
A woman holding up a cup of coffee in an office.
A woman standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.
A person doing skate tricks in an outdoor park
some zebra chillin in the wild with a bird flying over
A majolica vase decorated with a fish and filled with wild flowers.
A remote controller made by Sony with a disclaimer on it.
a skateboarder in a black shirt doing a trick
A group of boats are perched on dry docks.
A bowl contains baby carrots and other food.
Three coffee mugs are in front of a microwave.
A measuring cup with melted butter is inside the microwave.
Two elephants are standing by the trees in the wild. 
A herd of cows standing in a field grazing
A person riding a beautiful wave very smooth
A dog sitting on the side of an area where boats are docked in the water.
a person is standing in skies in the snow
A man sitting on a train next to a woman.
A kitchen with canisters on the neat counter 
A group of four bowls sitting on top of a wooden table.
The bed covered in many sheets and blankets is the only furniture in the room.
A group of four women walking down a street in the rain.
A large dog sitting in a living room in front of a fireplace.
A box robot standing by a toothbrush with toothpaste on it.
a plate of food with two sandwiches 
The two elephants walk next to each other in the wilderness.
a blue and silver truck with logs trees and wires
Two elephants walk in the grass together by trees.
a man sitting at a desk in front of a laptop computer
A plate of food, including a sandwich and salad, is pictured here.
A woman looking at a picture on a computer
A little girl sitting by a freshly made pizza.
A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
an image of a man in a boat with a dog
A white bowl filled with leafy greens on a rain soaked ground.
A few people looking at a television that's next to a laptop.
A group of colorful cows laying inside of a barn.
A black cat rubbing up against a bottle of wine.
A guy is standing in an airport with several bags of luggage.
A small gold and black clock tower in a village.
A plate holds a good size portion of a cooked, mixed dish that includes broccoli and pasta. 
Small bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower/tub combo.
The man is skiing alone on the snow
The people are looking at the giraffes in the field.
A small elephant standing next to a house.
A person with a hat on flying a kite by a plane flying in the sky.
People are in a boat in the rain with umbrellas.

a motor bike carrying very many people on the street
Two women each feeding a giraffe at their enclosure.
a skier is prepared to go down a mountain.
Two rectangular slices of pizza with multiple toppings.
A small white mouse sleeping on top of a remote control.
A giraffe that is standing behind a tree.
A row of motorcycles parked in front of a building.
A large dog laying on top of a floor under a chair.
A plate of food which includes onions, tomato, lettuce, sauce, fries, and a sandwich.
A group of traffic lights sitting above an intersection.
A man holding a camera in between his hands.
A kitchen counter with a pizza ready for the oven.
Two men walk down the street in a city.
There are several beds in this room put together
Two donuts sitting on top of a paper bag on a dinner table. 
A couple of motor bikes and cars on a street.
A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
A BLACK AND WHITE PIC OF A MAN AND A HORSE 
A cow that is sitting on the ground in front of a motorcycle.
A cat  sitting in front of a mirror with it's tail reflecting in a mirror.
This wire metal rack holds several pairs of shoes and sandals
A group of people eating on a long table 
A group of men in uniform standing next to each other.
a close up of food on a plate on a table
A group of elephants are standing under a roof cover.
A man is surfing a big wave towards shore.
Sheep grazing on grasses on mound on nice day.
a surfer wearing a wet suit is surfing on a sunny day
a couple of people on skis ride through the snow 
A young boy tossing a soccer ball across a field.
A man riding a surfboard inside of a wave.
A picture of a building and some grass.
A decorated street sign for Queen Street with two blue signs below. 
A kitchen is shown with a variety of items on the counters.
a child is brushing her hair in the mirror 
A person with a tank top and green headband standing with a crowd of people and looking down at a cellular phone.
a bunch of papers and electronics are laying together
A man that is on a tennis court with a racquet.
A group of buses parked next to each other.
A giraffe standing in its zoo enclosure on a sunny day
A woman holding a smart phone at a table.
A pair of zebra's leaning over eating grass in a field.
This is an empty table at a restaurant with ships in the background.
A clock outside of a building that runs backwards.
A couple of black horses pulling a wagon along a road.
A man operating a very small park train going down a track.
A large crane truck driving on top of wet mud.
A skateboard on top of a surfboard on a beach.
A white table topped with cakes and nuts.
A sandwich with lettuce and toasted bread on a plate.
A kitchen cabinet that has glassware inside of it.
A cat standing on two legs near a tv.
A herd of elephants walking around a river.
a cat sleeping on the floor with a little toy
A teenager on a blue skateboard has his arm in the air.
A couple of pieces of very nice looking luggage.
A white teddy bear sitting next to a brown teddy bear.
A man holding a hotdog in one hand and a bun i the other.
An unfrosted cake in a metal pan with green spots on top.
An oversized picture of a train has a conductor standing by it.
A small bedroom with sofa at the end of the bed.
A group of men riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A pair of scissors and some fabric rest on the table
A group of people that are standing in front of a island.
A young playing tennis preparing to return the ball. 
A group of young people sitting on a couch next to a guy playing a Nintendo Wii.
Animals surrounding a car and making a large mess.  
A woman flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
Several elephants are in a habitat as heads are in the foreground.
I really cant see this image very well.
A bottle of booze sitting next to a glass.
A pitcher throwing a baseball on the baseball field. 
A woman trying to bite a hot dog in a container without holding it. 
A subway train traveling through a subway station.
A flower is on an object that is lit. 
A white toilet in a very small bathroom.
A young man holding a tennis racket waiting for a serve.
Some backpacks and luggage are on the floor.
A woman scanning a tour map with her smartphone.
A small yellow car parked between two large yellow trucks.
A surfer is on his board in the middle of an ocean spraying wave.
A cat behind flowers in a vase, small pumpkins, a wine bottle and a glass of wine.
A no parking sign posted to an orange traffic cone in the middle of a sidewalk.
a counter with cleaning supplies ice cube trays and racks from a fridge and a drawer missing
A group of people riding horses down a small road.
A large white clock tower towering over a wall.
a bunch of zebras are standing in a field
A man in orange garb carrying a umbrella and cell phone.
A person standing next to skis in the snow.
A small bedroom with a desk and computer in it.
Three different teddy bear on a blanket on a chair.
A Subway Sandwich with chips, raisins and a coffee cup.
A clock with a base made of stones standing near several parked cars.
A dining room table surrounded by wooden chairs.
PEOPLE WAITING IN LINE TO GET FOOD FROM A FOOD TRUCK
A yellow and white cat sitting next to a book on a bed.
A photograph of an outside with numerous things in the scene.

A white toilet sitting in a bathroom stall next to a TP dispenser.
a man sitting at a table with a plate full of food
a number of cars stopped on a city street 
A plethora of stop signs sitting in a storage area.
Two slices of pizza are being served on a plate.
Two kids are flying kites on a beach
Boats docked on land sitting side by side next to a lake.
A two-story house with palm trees, a chain link  fence. and a decorative border.
A kitchen counter topped with a dish tray filled with dishes.
A table topped with dessert next to a window.
A man in a yellow shirt and headband sitting on a bed in front of a polka dot wall.
A black and white photo of a child putting on gloves next to a suitcase.
Large ornate white and gold clock on face of grid wall. 
An adult and a child cross the city street at night.
A glass vase made to look like a plant.
a subway train with one passenger waiting to board 
A  large air plane flying in the blue sky.
A cat sitting outside on some cobble stone.
The bedroom has two pink chairs near the bed.
A one way sign pointing to the left; the sky is blue in the background. 
A wall with three different framed photos of tennis players and a tennis racket under each frame.
A table topped with breakfast food and a cup of orange juice.
A bathroom with a sink under a huge vanity mirror.
Batter, catcher, and umpire anticipating the next pitch.
A small computer screen opened in the room. 
A bed with a wooden headboard next to a window.
We are looking up at the underside of an airplane.
A traffic light in South Venice with road signs
A sandwich on a plate cutin half next to pasta.
A giraffe standing in front of green brush.
A large commercial airplane sitting on the runway.
there are two women playing on a tennis team together
A person on a surfboard in the water.
A blue boat docked on a green lush shore.
A bike mounted to a wall next to a tall pole.
A man that is in the air with a skateboard.
A tow truck driving past a very old stop sign.
A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a wall.
A soccor player trying to kick the ball but kicking the other player instead.
A tall giraffe standing next to a fence under a tree.
A brown wooden bench sitting up against a wall.
a snow skier in a red jacket carrying skis and snow
A brown and white cat resting in someones shoe
Bananas are on sale for 47 cents per pound in the produce section.
A woman with a bat hitting televisions that say Comcast Doesnt Care.
A close-up of a television on white wall.
A surfer surfing on the surfboard with an oar in the ocean. 
an image of a tourbus stopping on a route
a motorcycle sitting on the sidewalk in the shade
A black Honda motorcycle parked in front of a garage.
a tv on top of an entertainment center 
Cars riding on the street across a train on the tracks
a person riding skis on a snowy slope
A man with a bucket hat riding a hose on a beach.
A bird perched on top of a leaf filled tree.
A husky is lying under an elephant toy.
A small plastic dish with food in it 
A train is travelling on a railroad track.
a pizza next to a glass of beer 
a man is flying a kite at on the shore at the beach
a couple of ducks are in the water
A group of air planes sitting on a runway.
a bathroom with a white sink and  tolit
A group of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.
a double sink with a bowl of food on the sink counter top
A giraffe leaned over a rail sipping some water.
A man holding a white frisbee walking on top of a green grass covered field.
A man popping a wheelie on a motorcycle on a street.
A person in a suit is crossing the street.
Some street lights are hanging at an intersection.
A young boy in a helmet with other boys on skateboards behind him.
a giraffe and a zebra are standing in a field
a red and black train is coming down the tracks
A herd of buffalo grazing on grass next to the ocean.
A busy airport with planes parked  on the runway
A display of vases arranged by color on three shelves.
A living room with colored windows, sofas and chairs. 
A dump truck parked by the side of a road. 
a woman with flowers in her hair staring at the horse next to her
an image of a woman sitting down on a couch with laptop
A cat looks at the camera while sitting on the laptop.
A set of park benches near a lamp post
Two people outside of a stone building near a red fire hydrant.
A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
A fire hydrant by a sidewalk marked with paint.
A performer attending to an injured brown horse.
Two ducks are swimming in the water of a pond.
A black and white cat sleeping on top of a bed.
THERE ARE TWO ZEBRAS THAT ARE WALKING TOGETHER 
a person wearing a head band and holding a tennis racket
A couple are approaching a man sitting down outside of a small shop. 
a woman is sitting with a statue on a bench
a cat lays down next to a key board 
there is a woman laying in a bed using a lap top
a statue of a cat sits next to some scissors 
A tray holding various boxes and bubble wrap.
a blue train driving on a train track below multiple power lines.
A close-up of a waffle shaped cone with a banana in it.
A big black dog sitting next to a laptop computer.
A small  red bowl with ingredients in it
Someone roasting hot dogs in a fire outside
a giraffe in a field with another in the background
A couple of photos of a group of people playing with interactive a gaming unit..
A mother duck with her ducklings in a pond. 
a counter with vegetables, knife and cutting board on it. 
A herd of zebras standing together in a field.
A pita pizza fills up an entire plate on a table.
Little boys playing on a baseball field in baseball uniforms. 
A white plate topped with a fruity dessert.
A multi colored dish with broccoli and white twisted pasta in it.
A teddy bear tucked into bed under a blanket.
People walking in a field surrounded by a stone wall near a cow.
A train traveling down tracks next to a lush forest.
Cat lethargically on comfy computer chair looking relaxed.
There is a small yellow bird standing on a fence
A brown sofa and ottoman with pillows and remotes.
A large dog sitting on top of a picture frame.
The person is holding a forking and eating food.
A woman sitting next to a man on a bench.
a surfer on top of a wave in the water. 
The meal consists of meat with brocolli on the side.
a person standing on a side walk underneath a traffic light
A cop riding a motorcycle next to a  white van.
A man chasing a soccer ball on top of a field.
A small kid trying to do a trick on his skateboard.
A pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan with a couple of slices missing.
A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
This basic kitchen has tools sitting on the floor
A white plate topped with breakfast food and baked beans.
Motorcycles parked curbside in front of a run down repair shop.
A toy train track is set up with two trains, houses, and a tractor.
a person riding a skate board at a skate park
A bicyclist is riding past a bus that is parked. 
a wood bench sitting in a park with three people sitting on it 
A couple of horses standing in a river next to an island.
A person with two dogs, and another with an umbrella, walking down a road in a park.
A woman takes a selfie picture with a giraffe in the background.
A bathroom with a blue shower curtain and blue walls.
Hard plastic chairs in a dimly lit room.
a man in glasses is holding a wine glass
Long line of cards on a busy street at night.
A couple of women holding up a cake together.
A green truck traveling down a road with a wooden flatbed.
a wooden and metal bench near a over grown bush
A subway station above groundtrain with a small green building.
A man standing in a  kitchen preparing food.
A bunch of lambs standing around in a field behind a fence. 
A nice looking kitchen with a shiny metal oven and microwave.
A bird sits on a rear view mirror
A luggage cart with a pile of luggage sitting on top of it.
A boy throws a pitch in a baseball game.
some children are riding on a mini orange train
A surfer is at the peak of a wave and circling around.
Muffins and other pastries on display ground and purchase
A bus is traveling along rolling hills in the countryside.
A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
A dark city street lined with stone buildings
A little boy with red hair laying on the ground next to surfboards.
A woman is brushing her teeth with a white and yellow toothbrush.
A plate with open face sandwiches next to a glass of milk and a laptop.
A stunt rider performs a trick on back of a horse.
A group of baseball players standing around a baseball field.
The man is sitting in the small kitchen on a stool. 
Three slices of french toast with orange juice on a restaurant table
Black and white photo of a cat surrounded by kitchen knives
A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
A bicycle parked on top of a baby dolls head.
A large passenger plane on the tarmac of an airport.
A horse standing in the grass near trees in the woods. 
A fire hydrant on the street by a building.
A couple of horses standing and laying on top of a lush green hillside.
There is a bird standing in the sand.
The items are on the conveyor being ready to be put on the wagon.
A young black bear moves across a grassy field.
A man stretches to hit the tennis ball. 
A white toilet with a box of tissues on it's tank.
The sidewalk is made out of bricks and has a fire hydrant on it.
A young man is sitting in a chair playing a video game.
A large jetliner with a painting on the side of it's cabin.
a couple of red and white planes are on a runway
a toddler wearing a hat sitting in the dry grass 
Someone is working on grilling some food on a grill.
A boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
A desk with a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard and a mouse.
A woman naked laying in bed with a cat.
A person standing next to a chair holding an umbrella.
A mouse sitting on the side of a computer monitor.
Two street signs are sitting on top of the pole
a modern flush toilet in a bathroom with tile. 
A woman serves a ball with a clock in the background.
A man riding a skateboard up the side of a wooden ramp.
Someone doing a trick in the air on their snow board. 
The boat includes several rows of orange chaird.
A plate filled with food sitting on a table next to a drink.
Two large trey elephants standing next to a man wearing a blue uniform.
A plate of food sitting on a black tray
A family climbing up the side of a snow covered mountain with ski equipment.
this is a child ready to swing a baseball bat
A little boy in a baseball uniform holds the bat ready to swing.
a public transit bus on a city street 
a bunch of motorcycles are parked together outside
A pole that has a clock on top of it.
A harbor filled with boats floating on water.
A pair of men dressed in civil war outfits riding horses.
A yellow fire hydrant on a busy sidewalk next to buildings.
A horse eating hay standing in a mowed field.
A piece of pizza sitting on top of a plate.
A young girl eating a slice of pizza.
Person riding a bicycle while walking two dogs. 
A man handing a woman a red pan of food.
A bird walking along a beach with a rock it its mouth.
A baby holding a toothbrush in it's mouth.
A young man feeds a cow from his hand.
A dead end street sign sitting next to abandoned furniture and garbage
The black street pole has three different signs on it. 
A meal on an airplane of cereal, milk, and fruit.
A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.
A baby is looking at a book while sucking a pacifier.
a white seagull is standing alone on the sand
A person that is driving on the street.
A man and a woman holding up tennis racquets.
Bunches of bananas are displayed in a shop.
A hot dog is on a plate with macaroni and cheese.
A bus parked on a street next to a tree.
A stop sign at the intersection of Lyndon Ave and South.
Three boys are looking over the middle kids cellphone.
fifteen different varieties of doughnuts in a display case
A blue train traveling over a red rail bridge over cars.
Two boats with people preparing food on them.
A group of people walking down a rain soaked street holding umbrellas.
A bluebery cake is on a plate and is topped with butter.
The traffic and people on a commercial street corner at night
The umpire, catcher, and batter as soon as the batter had swung.
A man sitting at a table in a kitchen with a laptop.
A man is surfing on a crashing wave.
A cook standing in a professional kitchen preparing food.
Two horses grazing in a field next to forest.
A dog with tags laying on a couch.
Two toilets in small bathroom stalls with two sinks in a bathroom. 
A plate of food and ketchup bottle are on a table.
A kitchen with a wooden counter next to an oven with a stove.
A woman holding food up to her mouth.
A living room has a couch and a rustic chest for a coffee table.
A few people walking in a store near each other.
A bus going to crosstown parked on side of road.
A computer workstation with a keyboard and multiple mice. 
A black and white dog wearing a Santa Claus hat lying on the floor.
Red motorcycle parked outside of large building in the city, 
Team of rowers in a specially designed boat in swamp
A man drinking a cup of coffee next to sandwich.
A catches crouches on a patch of dirt.
A dog sitting behind a pair of black shoes.
A bearded middle aged man cuddling a teddy bear.
A cat that is laying on a computer keyboard.
A motorcycle sits parked across from a herd of livestock.
A cat is laying face down on the remote control. 
A woman wearing red top and black skirt holding umbrella
A sidewalk sitting along side of a street under a billboard.
a red and yellow bus is parked some people and cars on a street
A bathroom being remodeled with a white toilet.
A cat sleeping on top of a wooden bench.
A kitchen with its light's off, with light coming from an open door.
Man skiers make their way down a snowy ski hill.
A black and white view of a double decked bus on the street.
A group of guys in a field holding discs.
A man in a trench coat, hat, and carrying an umbrella pointing to the shirt collar of another man.
The man is giving the young girl a ride on his motorcycle.
Two people sitting on a bench silhouetted against the sea.
A black and white picture of a stop sign.
A very tall church tower with a clock on the side of it.
A man and a dog on the shore near water.
A man holding a pine cone while wearing a name tag.
A room is cluttered with suitcases and boxes.
red and yellow train stopped  at a station
There are people playing a game of tennis.
An old time car is parked at the curb near a stop sign.
A couple of girls walking up the side of a vehicle.
A city street sign near some very big palm trees.
A couple of motorcycles parked next to each other.
There is a yellow fire hydrant on the side of a street.
Old vase with red and white decorations on it. 
A group of people sitting at a table having food.
There is an iPhone in the woman's back pocket.
An old black and white photo of a city street with a large cathedral on the right hand side. 
A young man holding a game controller in his hands.
A bedroom with a white bed on a frame next to a window.
A street post with a one way sign and street name sign along with holiday decorations.
A car is parked on a street at night.
Two woman putting some icing on a cake.
A cell phone and some key on a table.
The little girl is dressed in pink and holding a umbrella. 
A guy in a jet ski goes fast in a curve. 
A plate of partially-eaten pizza is seen on a restaurant table.
a couple of pans you would use to pee in
a person that is standing up in a tennis court
A giraffe standing outside of a building next to a tree.
A red surfboard is sticking up from the ocean waves.
A table topped with lots of vegetables of different color and kind.
A black cat holding onto the left of a teddy bear.
A group of three cows eating food while standing behind bars.
A person with a helmet on a blue motorcycle.
The hotel room is cluttered with personal items.
A surfer carries his surfboard beneath a tall cliff
A blue and yellow train pulling up to a station on a sunny day.
A boy with glasses playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A man holding a bat on top of a field under a light.
An old toilet outside against an old painted wall.
a man surfing a small wave on part of a river
A person holding a sandwich in their hands.
A person riding a surfboard in the ocean.
A woman and small child are trying to fly a kite.
A kitchen with metallic appliances and a trash can.
A group of boys sitting on a curb with a baseball bat.
A gray and white cat sitting in window next to a tiger cat.
A guy is near a busy street in a foreign country.
A dog wearing a Santa Claus hat. 
A grocery store display filled with lots of apples.
A surfboard is recycled into a unique planter.
Skier competing on snow covered sloped race course.
some yellow signs attached to a building wall 
A group of people sitting on the backs of elephants.
Man in motorcycle leathers standing in front of a group of bikes
A bathroom with an open door and a sink beneath a mirror.
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used. 
A person is making a pattern on the floor with tape.
A woman laying in bed reading a book while wearing purple socks.
a white plate and a piece of white cake 
A old truck with a busted window in the tall bushes.
A black bear walking through a path in the woods.
a green truck parked in a dirt field with green shrubbery
An urban farmers' market with produce stalls and crowds of shoppers.
A kitchen with a sink, bottles, jars and a dishwasher.
A puppy laying on a purple blanket on a bed.
Two giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.
A cat is laying on the floor with its paws in a shoe.
A large gray elephant standing under a blue covering.
Two very attractive women enjoy a glass of white wine.
A man riding on a motorcycle near people walking.
a few drag queens make some cake and eat it
A man kite boarding over a large body of water.
A person jumping up in the air on a surfboard.
There is one slice of pizza left on the plate. 
The beach chair with the umbrella is empty on  the beach. 
People sitting at outdoor tables on the street.
A baseball player holding a bat while standing in a field.
A pool with lots of coverings and umbrellas sitting along side of it.
A very colorful room with models of cows afixed to the ceiling.
A woman sitting on a laptop computer next to a cat.
a bus pulling up to the bus stop in a city
A black cat laying down on a bed.
A man riding a skateboard on top of pavement.
Lighted bar sign mounted near traffic signal in front of a building.
a white counter a black oven a chair a light and a microwave
A girl and boy playing on a fire hydrant.
Two Asian women eating chili dogs while standing on a street.
A bathroom with a white toilet, tub, and tile floor.
A group of friends sitting inside their living room.
These clams on the half shell are a seafood staple.
A black and white dog with a Frisbee in its mouth.
a girl is riding her bike down the street
A couple of cows on a grassy field.
A young man holding a bottle of beer while wearing a suit.
A man standing with an umbrella in one hand and a flashlight in the other
A white plate topped with food sitting next to a bowl of salad.
The elderly man is roasting hotdogs on a grill. 
A living room filled with furniture and lots of windows.
The table is covered with many different vegetables.
A bottle of beer sits next to the keyboard and mouse at the computer table.
A woman holding a child and standing near a bull.
A man sitting on the beach behind his surfboard.
A bird sits on a parking meter with several parked cars in the street.
A professional baseball game being played at night
The brown dog looks threw the diamond openings on the bench. 
Man preforming stunt on skateboard outside in the city.
A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
A person in a silly shirt sits at a table so they can eat some pizza 
A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.
a group of people take a rest near their luggage
A plate of food and fork on a table.
A white paper plate holding two pieces of pizza.
A bedroom with a desk in the corner.
Two girls in a library seated at a table cutting large brown paper.
The scene is three large racks of skis on a mountain.
A living room filled with furniture and lamps.
A kitchen under construction with a trashcan and stove.
A man riding a snowboard on top of  snow covered ground.
Three sheep in a field of grass near a steep hill.
A group of palm trees with lots of bananas hanging from them.
a man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
The man is taking a photo with his cel phone.
Fast commuter train moving past an outdoor platform.
A man is wearing baseball gear and standing on the field.
a nude person sitting on a bed with sheets and pillows
Three stuffed teddy bears share a chocolate soda with three straws.
A boy in blue shirt standing with a baseball bat.
People walking in a museum with a airplane hanging from the celing.
Vase with water holds a bunch of flowers in front of window
A picture of a lone clock tower standing in a school yard.
We are looking a train in the distance.
A street sign next to a public road in a city.
A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
there is a woman sitting on the couch playing a video game
A group of people standing outside of a food truck
A large yellow dump truck sitting on green lawn.
cars parked near a all black corner store
The clock is built into the side of a brick wall near a statue of two cranes. 
A truck parked by other vehicles covered in graffiti.
A person brushing a cat with a brush.
A man in a tie and dress shirt taking a picture with a cell phone.
A disc golf hole with a few men playing near it.
A red and gold painted fire hydrant on the street
a sandwich in a plastic food basket on a table
A snow covered sign sitting below a very tall building.
A black and white photo of a pair of shoes on a bench.
A man in a black suit kicking around a soccer ball.
A bathroom is shown with white decor and brown cabinets.
a woman in a black dress on a skateboard
A young man holding up a green bottle as he drinks
A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.
An assortment of items that were in a purse.
A girl holds a plate of food while eating a piece of it
A CGI man sitting on top of a CGI hospital bed.
A dog sitting on the grass looking at a fake cow that is lit up at night.
A cat sitting in front of a giant TV looking at fireworks.
A guy with a scissors cutting the cast off the arm of another guy.
A large multi layered cake with candles sticking out of it.
A black cat half-submerged in a toilet while drinking out of it.
A bunch of big chef knives by a small piece of broccoli.
A couple trays of cookies on a counter.
A man with a glass holding a teddy bear
an image of a train that is going down the tracks
A pile of fresh produce sitting inside of a store under a scale.
A man who is riding a horse down a brick street.
A woman holding a cigarette smiling at the camera on a sunny day.
a close up of a young baseball player fielding a baseball
A group of people flying kites over a beach.
the woman prepares her horse for a jumping competition
Four bowls containing fruits and vegetables arranged decoratively
A group of people skiing down a ski slope.
A woman standing in front of a kitchen sink on display.
a home made stop sign in the middle of nowhere
A plate topped with broccoli chicken covered in sauce.
A table topped with a wooden block and an open book.
A small pizza on a wooden cutting board.
Many kites can be seen in the air through umbrellas.
Stuffed bear with red bow sitting on white counter.
This skateboarder shows a degree of athletic ability.
A man with a dog sitting in his backpack talking to a woman in sunglasses.
Traffic is stopped on the road because of a red light.
A man is walking along the beach holding a surfboard and a fishing pole.
there are three girls sitting in floats in the ocean
a small black clock is next to a white plate
A tennis player lunges on a tennis court.
A man in his kitchen cooking using the stove.
a table with many plates of food on top
Cars stopped at an intersection on a dark night
A couple of pony's standing in the middle of a forest.
A man riding a snow board on top of a snow covered slope.
Young couple wearing ties outdoors showing celebratory emotions.
Young man on skateboard passing a man in a black shirt.
A group of many statues in red on a table.
A very pretty girl working with some food in a kitchen.
A group of people at the beach with umbrellas
An item inside the picture which appears to be truly astounding.

A black and white cat sleeping in a pot with a leaf less tree.
People are in the water with kites flying over them.
A clock that is on the side of a tower.
A man pointing at something by people with glasses and wine bottles.
A person trying to get up after falling while skiing.
A baseball player holding a bat standing near home plate.
A red stove top oven sitting next to a building.
A bathroom sink sitting next to a white toilet.
A young elephant by a pool of water in a zoo enclosure.
There are several boats docked in a harbor.
A load of trash or work supplies in a dumpster outside.
Two tall giraffe standing next to a green leaf filled tree
